Thank you, Mr. Shen, for your help
Otherwise, middle and lower
Why are you really going to be burned by the sunset devil?
It's okay to raise your hand
Come here.
Hurry up!
Apologize to Mr. Shen
The value is that you don't trust Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen, I'm sorry.
Speak without eyeballs
Now that things are settled
Help me find Du Yuanhua
Yes
But
Du Yuanhua is in the hands of Guan Jucai of the neutral group
This Guan Ju is weird by nature
He was bedridden all year round.
As long as Mr. Shen is willing to take action to cure his illness
I believe this can all be solved
It's okay to see someone else. I'll find a way. Who?
Take it hey no no no
Mr. Shen
This is the contract you got alone
What right do I have to get him?
Just help me find Du Yuanhua
Then thank God
And after I left
Take care of my family for me
Yes
Mr. Shen, the neutral group where Jucai belongs
Holding the economic lifeline of the country
Even the Temple of War looked up to him from many places
I didn't even bother to take time off.
Uh, when I went to you
Try not to offend him.
Hey